Dominique Pozo: Good. Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: Good morning. How's it going,
Miranda Archuleta: Good. I just woke up.
Miranda Archuleta: So I got out at 630 GMO fuzzy. But when I came over here.
Dominique Pozo: Oh my gosh, you had you work till 6:30am
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, they're 12 hour shifts,
Dominique Pozo: Oh, that's a lot. Gosh.
Miranda Archuleta: It's not too bad, though, it goes by fast tonight. And that's it. So we go three days on a four days off, and then another every other week we work Wednesday, so
Dominique Pozo: Great.
Dominique Pozo: So, so what would you like to focus on today. What, what's up for you. Is there anything that's really
Dominique Pozo: Particularly up for you.
Miranda Archuleta: Not really anything in particular, I guess I'm doing okay.
Miranda Archuleta: Now that I went back to work. It's not so stressful because I don't want to be around the kid like that, but just it easier when you can get like a little break from the kids here and there, you know, so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: Hmm.
Dominique Pozo: Well, um, well, let's see. I'm going to look up your chart. Maybe we can work on your treatment plan and talk about your goals.
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, I'm gonna look it up right now.
Dominique Pozo: Sorry, it's taking a second to open up
The files.
Miranda Archuleta: Waking up for this.
Miranda Archuleta: Coming through
Dominique Pozo: I wonder is, do you think moving forward. This might be too early for
Dominique Pozo: An individual session. No.
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, Nigerian coffee. I gave myself enough time.
Miranda Archuleta: To drink some coffee and kind of just wake up a little bit. I'll go back to sleep for like another few hours after so we're good.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Well, I just want to tell you that I appreciate that you showed up, you know, it's just like this chronic issue with patients that they don't come and it's so frustrating for me. So I just want to acknowledge that you made it even though you worked all night. Thank you so much.
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, no, I used to just what would I FIRST STARTED AT GOOD WHEN I TRIED you guys a couple years ago, two years ago.
Miranda Archuleta: I wasn't going to the group was catching myself not going. And I don't know if it was just, I don't know what it was. I just wasn't going in an okay job, but now I'm I think since I started again. I don't think I miss school
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah.
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, I started with you so
Miranda Archuleta: And there are. That sounds so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I appreciate it. Okay. So yes, it's time. Definitely time to update your treatment plan all of the goals that you had were expired in October of last year. So let's let's
Miranda Archuleta: See, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Not so.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, even before some of these say September. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great, so
Dominique Pozo: Tell me how one of the
Dominique Pozo: The short term goals says to identify how spirituality or religion affects your recovery process. Have you done that.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Do you have any thoughts on that about
Dominique Pozo: How do you have a spiritual practice that is
Dominique Pozo: That is connected to your recovery.
Miranda Archuleta: Really
Dominique Pozo: Okay, it's fine. If you don't, is that even something that's important to you. I don't want to have it on here. If it's not something you really want to focus on
Miranda Archuleta: It's not really, no. Not that I even
Miranda Archuleta: I never really thought of it. And I guess being that I
Miranda Archuleta: Never really focused on it. I don't think it's a big thing.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm gonna take it out, then this is
Dominique Pozo: I'm wondering if someone whoever did this just did some generic goals for you because if that's not even on your radar. Let's just get it out of here. So,
Yes.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So how about
Dominique Pozo: Tell me, tell me something that you would like to work on say that maybe by the end of August. We can check in around it and see.
Dominique Pozo: How you're doing something that
Dominique Pozo: Realistically, you could potentially meet by, by the end of August.
Miranda Archuleta: I'm trying to work on my high blood pressure. I take two medicines.
Miranda Archuleta: At least try to regulate it, because even with the medicines, it's still high, sometimes, like a lot of time. So we'll work on that maybe getting it lower not having to take two medicines when we have not sure I'll see them, but it just seems like sometimes it's still high.
Miranda Archuleta: Okay, we can focus on learning how to like
Miranda Archuleta: I guess even like relax or meditate or something to help it go lower even with the two pills.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. That's great that you're naming how you want to get there, too. So that's helpful because then we can. I can check in and say, you know, okay. How's it going, have you been meditating more. Do you notice that that is you know impacting your blood pressure.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. How about another one.
Miranda Archuleta: Maybe going on walks more sneaky.
Okay.
Miranda Archuleta: We're not even just more just like one on one with my daughter, because she's kind of real needy. So I'm trying to get that one on one with her, just so that we
Miranda Archuleta: Should go to sound like she doesn't have to interrupt all the time. If my other constraints talk or she always feels like gas to be her me going to try and get some maybe one on one time with her.
Miranda Archuleta: And get her knowing like I'm still here whether he's talking, he or she is always has to be right there and she says in the room mean
Miranda Archuleta: It gets all frustrated
Dominique Pozo: So this is great. This is do you have you have you ever hold on I'm gonna save this so that while we talk. It doesn't disappear.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Have you ever
Dominique Pozo: Heard about attachment theory.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, once we finished the goals. Today I'm going to pull up a little print out on attachment theory and it's all about how
Dominique Pozo: when we're children are caretakers, the kind of attachment that we form with them impacts our behavior as adults. And there's different kinds of secure attachment. There's disorganized attachment, there's
Dominique Pozo: Avoidance styles. There's all these different ways and it would be interesting to think about because the, the insecure attachment that I'm hearing from your daughter.
Dominique Pozo: Is meeting all the time. I'm wondering how
Dominique Pozo: You know what, actually, I'm not wondering, you're saying you're you're speaking to me that you want to work on maybe creating more of a secure attachment with her through walking with her so that she doesn't you know need that reassurance so much
Miranda Archuleta: So much is ridiculous. Sometimes it's like
Miranda Archuleta: Me like I get frustrated and I don't mean to
Miranda Archuleta: You like you're not buddy me. It's just, you know, you're just you don't let Jake of, you know, talker do anything because here you have to be right there. Like, you can't let no one else have attention or something.
Miranda Archuleta: She's super. She's crazy. She's super smart, but again, she's just
Miranda Archuleta: She's, she's one of a kind, that's for sure.
Dominique Pozo: Well, this is great. I think intuitively you know you need more time with her so that she can relax and know like okay her needs are getting met because it's actually has some strong needs for attention.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: Let's see.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: How about, well, let me get the. So one of the next one.
Dominique Pozo: Says get support and get off Suboxone is that, do you remember same month
Miranda Archuleta: I think I might have said it. But now that I kind of think about it. It seems like there's really not like a rush, rush for yes because being a I just
Miranda Archuleta: I feel like a kind of just need it. I don't make media right now for some reason. I mean, it's been years I've been on it anyways but
Miranda Archuleta: I wrote though ever been like maybe cutting down but not really. I guess getting
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So here, here's how you're rewarded it tell me if the sun's accurate and continue receiving the support of bright heart health.
Dominique Pozo: As she works towards tapering down slowly.
Yes.
Miranda Archuleta: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: This feels more like a long term goal, actually. So I'm going to put this one in the long term goals.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: You said
Dominique Pozo: Here it says in quotes.
Dominique Pozo: I liked.
Dominique Pozo: So I know that
Miranda Archuleta: It's a broker right here.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I said, does that mean that the group is beneficial for you or what does that mean
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, pretty much. It does help me. I actually enjoy going
Miranda Archuleta: I just, I feel like I'm
Miranda Archuleta: You know, I'm just with everybody else at the same situation or been there, done that. I just feel like there's really no filter on what I can say, or, you know, like everybody pretty much is now. So yeah, enjoy.
Dominique Pozo: Okay so uh for your short term goal to check in a couple months just continue attending your weekly relapse prevention group.
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, definitely. Because like I said before, I, I wasn't going and just, I just wouldn't go. So I just want to make sure I stay on that jacket. Keep going. Even though I'm working
Miranda Archuleta: See, we're going
Dominique Pozo: OK. And then let's see in September of last year, it says you're interested in counseling and it says client all attend individual therapy weekly. Do you, do you want to be coming weekly or do you want to come once or twice a month every other week. What, what is your
Miranda Archuleta: Which is fine.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm going to say attend
Dominique Pozo: In the tool there be this.
Dominique Pozo: This
Dominique Pozo: twice a month.
Yeah.
Miranda Archuleta: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's see.
Dominique Pozo: How about two more goals.
Miranda Archuleta: See
Miranda Archuleta: It's too.
Miranda Archuleta: I guess kind of seem to get my car back to get a car back
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Miranda Archuleta: This little wrinkles changing
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
Miranda Archuleta: Is getting better routine during the day, like
Miranda Archuleta: During the day, but just I guess when I'm when I'm often we're just have a better routine.
Miranda Archuleta: Scheduling good on the schedule or something.
Miranda Archuleta: I've been wanting to do
Dominique Pozo: What would that look like
Miranda Archuleta: Um, it's, it was game better than a and I got my job. So no have to work on it again to figure out
Miranda Archuleta: Nicely when you know
Miranda Archuleta: Will be a
Miranda Archuleta: Teenagers, especially since the kids are still home.
Miranda Archuleta: Can you get tired.
Dominique Pozo: Can you name what that would look like. Ideally, like what would a I wrote to create a schedule that involves more balance between rest and activity look this. Does that sound accurate.
Dominique Pozo: The person you've dialed is not able to receive calls at this time.
Dominique Pozo: MIRANDA are two Leta just
Dominique Pozo: got bumped out of the zoom room. I tried calling and was unable to reach her. Can somebody else try to reach her, please.
Dominique Pozo: I'm still in the zoom room waiting for her to return.
Dominique Pozo: My pleasure, dear.
Dominique Pozo: I'm so sorry. He missed a session with the tutor.
Dominique Pozo: Monday.
Dominique Pozo: I see you trying so hard to support him.
Dominique Pozo: And it hurts me as well to see the hits you're taking
Dominique Pozo: I just
Miranda Archuleta: Disconnected this evening back with us. I had my husband. Check it and it was disconnected.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, okay.
Dominique Pozo: I'm
Miranda Archuleta: Sorry.
Dominique Pozo: That's okay. I'm just going to pull up your
Dominique Pozo: Your chart again I am
Dominique Pozo: I contacted the virtual clinic so they they might call you looking for you because that's like, I don't know what happened. I tried calling her
Miranda Archuleta: Okay.
That's okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so we got cut off. When I was asking you.
Dominique Pozo: To to kind of name for me. So the justice that I got about you're creating a different a better schedule for yourself is one that is more balanced between rest and activity. Is that accurate.
Miranda Archuleta: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Can you hear me.
Yeah.
Miranda Archuleta: Maybe
Dominique Pozo: So I'll just say it again.
Dominique Pozo: That's okay. I was writing down in your chart that you wanted to create a schedule that that supports more balance between your rest and activity is that
Miranda Archuleta: Accurate. Yes. Yeah. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then what would it look like. So can you be a little more specific. Like, what would that schedule look like
Miranda Archuleta: It's just more like
Miranda Archuleta: Maybe just like more of what like what to do on unscheduled like what to do daily like sweating like activity or something with the kids.
Miranda Archuleta: Are different stuff like different is this different stuff daily just they're not born all the time it gets a word.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Any, any more long term goals that you can think of. I mean, the one that I have is just that you keep getting support from us and work on tapering down slowly. Are there any other
Miranda Archuleta: Just yes
Miranda Archuleta: Steve financially stay warriors. It's just so hard to get off track to
Dominique Pozo: Stay financially stable.
Dominique Pozo: Alright.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: That's good. Well, here's a few questions that
Dominique Pozo: Are unanswered in your treatment plan.
Dominique Pozo: Are you aware of any emotional triggers that are
Dominique Pozo: That that are
Dominique Pozo: Pretty you
Miranda Archuleta: Know, really, like I said, I'm like, past the triggers already kind of like to see where
Miranda Archuleta: I can see deals and you know they can be around. And I just, they just don't
Miranda Archuleta: It's not even on mine to you and I thought tonight. Think of to me.
Miranda Archuleta: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Okay. Great. That's a good age to be in
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, I really don't have any like we're playing dress.
Miranda Archuleta: Good. My dad is meds and like you're seeking
Miranda Archuleta: Morphine ox Cotto and I was just distributed to you and like there was no thought in my mind that I wanted to even take them any like to try it, or or just one day or nothing like that. I just think
Miranda Archuleta: That's so great.
Good.
Dominique Pozo: Um, okay. So there's two last questions here. One another story. What
Dominique Pozo: What healthy coping skills have you
Dominique Pozo: Like grow for yourself so far.
Miranda Archuleta: More so
Miranda Archuleta: That's hopping along
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
Miranda Archuleta: I'm good with that. And
Miranda Archuleta: Yes, my husband's really good about, you know, talking to me and we can open up to each other and I just don't feel bad. He doesn't judge me or nothing.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, somewhere communication with him.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: And if you got in any sort of trouble with in any way, who would you call
Miranda Archuleta: Me, brother.
Miranda Archuleta: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And then last one. Um, how about some self soothing or self care behavior that you that you know either works for you or that you're doing currently that to
Dominique Pozo: Take care of yourself.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm just going to put maybe wants to work on this.
Yeah.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I
Dominique Pozo: Am actually pulling up
Dominique Pozo: The attachment theory.
Dominique Pozo: stuff to talk about this with you. It might shine some light on what's going on with your daughter, maybe
Miranda Archuleta: Oh,
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, she's just hard. She's crazy.
Dominique Pozo: So actually, before we get into it. Is this
Dominique Pozo: Is this
Dominique Pozo: Even interesting to you because I don't want to share it. If it's not
Miranda Archuleta: Ya know, it is cuz she's just she's yeah she's, she's going to pretty much like trying anything I guess at this point because
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, she ever since she was little like we just we had her like I stopped working and everything so sick and she grew out of room, our problem. And I just stayed home with her. Still, and I know I just felt like if I left her anybody. Like, I guess.
Like
Miranda Archuleta: They wouldn't beat her because I felt like she was just so hard, like I just felt like she couldn't go like I couldn't leave a little bit scared to like we were
Miranda Archuleta: Just, you know, I get to the point where I'm like, good evening. I'll literally shake because she gets me like that and
Dominique Pozo: It is I.
Miranda Archuleta: Think, maybe it's a little bit attachment with me to with her, but I'm not too sure like no that's growing older. I was like, I thought she she kind of sell
Sell this
Miranda Archuleta: Ever to be wrong. Everything is just like sometimes I get frustrated. I'm shaking. A lot of times, I think that's all my blood pressure goes up is pushes my button. So this she just
Miranda Archuleta: Just, uh,
Miranda Archuleta: Huh.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Well, let's see. Let's see if this shines a new light for you.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: So do you want to read it or do you want me to read it.
Miranda Archuleta: Read it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Miranda Archuleta: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So this is, um, so there's so this man john Bowlby, he was a therapist long ago.
Dominique Pozo: In the early 1900s, he came up with this attachment theory.
Dominique Pozo: That speaks to you know what goes on for children. So it's based on the idea that an infant needs a secure relationship with their primary caregiver. Usually that's mom. But if they don't have a month, whoever sing character.
Dominique Pozo: In order to fulfill their social and emotional development. So they did him and this woman, Mary Ainsworth did all these studies between infants and their caregivers and they came up with this, these, these this theory about it so
Dominique Pozo: The theory states that as adults. It allows us to feel secure which enables us to go out and explore the world without stress and anxiety.
Dominique Pozo: But instead with trust that we will be taking care of by life so
Dominique Pozo: I mean your daughter so young to she's still probably moving through some of the natural stages which right here.
Dominique Pozo: So Stage one of attachment when it's secure, is that there's cooperation intimacy respect love and trust.
Dominique Pozo: And then when they're when there's resistant attachment their attention seeking they crave affection and are very clean.
Dominique Pozo: Is that
Dominique Pozo: Is that kind of what she's
Doing. Yeah.
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: Well, so this is great because it sounds like she's still in stage one and then
Dominique Pozo: The independence. That's probably when she'll start to hit like I'm adolescence and this is just something to be aware of. If you know if you can work on it. Now you can avoid her becoming rebellious reckless manipulative
Dominique Pozo: passive aggressive
Dominique Pozo: All these things that you know the most ideal of the securely attached adolescent is that they have self control, they're confident they're assertive, they're responsible and they start to gain their, their autonomy. Their sense of self.
Dominique Pozo: So I think what you're doing is great, is to start, you know, addressing this. Now, tell me again how old she is. Sorry, I
Dominique Pozo: Just 660 she's still so young. Yeah.
Miranda Archuleta: She's a little manipulative to you and I'm
Miranda Archuleta: Even that values. No, no, she's, she's kind of already there.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay, well,
Miranda Archuleta: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: So here's, you know, you can just read. Can you read that without your glasses. What
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So the, the thing that's like lights up a bit of a concern for me is that some of this behavior. It's what can lead to, you know, addictions, like, you know, being
Dominique Pozo: The, you know, over indulgent and the codependent behavior, all that
Miranda Archuleta: You know,
Dominique Pozo: When ideally we want someone to grow into being creative resilient persistent motivated
Dominique Pozo: caring, compassionate empathetic all the things
Miranda Archuleta: She's awesome. Is there, like, she just she's very successful. She's good problems all like all right there. She's creative design persistent motivate. I mean, all that she's there like she has all that she
Dominique Pozo: was great.
Dominique Pozo: That's good. So it sounds like
Miranda Archuleta: attention seeking kind of thing.
Miranda Archuleta: That she's really falling there any other ones.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: She's super smart. Yeah.
Miranda Archuleta: Sometimes she does it just because she knows she can. And I think that's a lot of times why she does it. I noticed like she's just doing it because she knows she can get away with it or she knows she's added some marks doing a lot of times that's I think it is.
Dominique Pozo: Well, what do you think, Oh, I'm going to close my door. Excuse me. I'm just starting to rain.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well, what do you think
Dominique Pozo: What do you think you could be doing differently. Aside from, you know, the spending more time is crucial. I think that's critical. More quality time with her. Is there anything else that you could be doing is there may be a way that you're communicating with her.
Miranda Archuleta: Maybe like
Miranda Archuleta: Maybe just because we're seeing with like his mom and dad knows I feel like maybe she she feels like maybe she's a little left out because there's a cousin now and
Miranda Archuleta: She sometimes feels like I guess you can't tell us what's going on because matter, we will, you know, kind of like, because we're here to kind of not have to but
Miranda Archuleta: Sometimes you feel like, oh, where's somebody else's house. You know, you gotta respect that and kind of like, you can have a scene, but I guess.
Miranda Archuleta: He feels like
Miranda Archuleta: She gets questions just start yelling and not sure less
Miranda Archuleta: Suffering like it's over, it's over now because I just want to kind of avoid the argument is a problem because they argue over like the stupid stuff all these two boys, they just acquired so maybe I don't hear her out all the way, but
Dominique Pozo: Oh. Well, that makes sense. I
Dominique Pozo: Mean, maybe she is, you know, all of her attention seeking is letting you know she needs to be heard, like there's something that she's getting cut off was being heard.
Miranda Archuleta: That may be what it is.
Dominique Pozo: That's so great. Well, I think you're you're totally problem solving on your own. Like, okay, I'm going to take more time, just with her and that will give her the space to be heard.
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah, because I feel like sometimes doesn't get to see what she needs to say because I'd rather just avoid, you know, the big argument between cousin or sounds like it's over. Just stop. I don't want to hear and only one here, so maybe I just either here.
Dominique Pozo: I think so.
Dominique Pozo: Sounds really simple actually. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: She's totally in a she's a really intelligent little one who's got all these ideas and
Dominique Pozo: Things to say it, I can imagine she really needs to be heard, to be validated and
Dominique Pozo: This is
Dominique Pozo: A part of that attachment is that when the caregiver meets the child and says, I see you great and mirrors back then they internalize that and then their confidence builds from there.
Miranda Archuleta: Yes, it is. Yeah.
Miranda Archuleta: Oh,
Great.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Well, I think that was good. We, we definitely kind of updated your treatment plan. Is there anything else you'd like to do today. I think
Dominique Pozo: Anything else that's up for you.
Miranda Archuleta: See
Miranda Archuleta: Think I think we did that someone started working on that. Maybe some
Miranda Archuleta: Letters talking by just getting by yourself. Yeah.
Miranda Archuleta: Does it for now.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's look at our calendars and what we can set up for our next session time
Dominique Pozo: So if this is a good time for you. I can do the same time on the third which is two weeks from today Wednesday, the third at noon.
Miranda Archuleta: That's fine. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, let's plan on that then
Dominique Pozo: All right. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, Miranda
Dominique Pozo: Have a great day and I hope you get some
Dominique Pozo: Good rest and
Miranda Archuleta: Thank you.
Dominique Pozo: And I hope that you have some really quality time with your daughter.
Miranda Archuleta: Yeah I know she's good. Hey,
Dominique Pozo: Bye bye.